c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\bin\Debug\HubPage.xbf
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\bin\Debug\ItemPage.xbf
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\bin\Debug\AppTourDuLich.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\HubPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\HubPage.g.cs
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\ItemPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\ItemPage.g.cs
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\HubPage.xaml
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\ItemPage.xaml
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\HubPage.xbf
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\ItemPage.xbf
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\duythanh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\duythanh\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\Themes\Generic.g.i.cs
C:\Users\duythanh\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\Themes\Generic.g.cs
C:\Users\duythanh\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\Themes\Generic.xaml
C:\Users\duythanh\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\bin\Debug\Themes\Generic.xbf
C:\Users\duythanh\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\Themes\Generic.xbf
C:\Users\duythanh\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\bin\Debug\DetailPage.xbf
C:\Users\duythanh\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\DetailPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\duythanh\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\DetailPage.g.cs
C:\Users\duythanh\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\DetailPage.xaml
C:\Users\duythanh\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\DetailPage.xbf
C:\Users\duythanh\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\bin\Debug\ThongTinDuLich.xr.xml
C:\Users\duythanh\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\bin\Debug\ThongTinDuLich.exe
C:\Users\duythanh\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\bin\Debug\ThongTinDuLich.pdb
C:\Users\duythanh\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\ThongTinDuLich.exe
C:\Users\duythanh\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\ThongTinDuLich.pdb
F:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\bin\Debug\App.xbf
F:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\bin\Debug\DetailPage.xbf
F:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\bin\Debug\HubPage.xbf
F:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\bin\Debug\ItemPage.xbf
F:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\bin\Debug\Themes\Generic.xbf
F:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\bin\Debug\ThongTinDuLich.xr.xml
F:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\bin\Debug\ThongTinDuLich.exe
F:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\bin\Debug\ThongTinDuLich.pdb
F:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\bin\Debug\resources.pri
F:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
F:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\bin\Debug\AppTourDuLich.build.appxrecipe
F:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
F:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
F:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\DetailPage.g.i.cs
F:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\DetailPage.g.cs
F:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\HubPage.g.i.cs
F:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\HubPage.g.cs
F:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\ItemPage.g.i.cs
F:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\ItemPage.g.cs
F:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\Themes\Generic.g.i.cs
F:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\Themes\Generic.g.cs
F:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
F:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\App.xaml
F:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\DetailPage.xaml
F:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\HubPage.xaml
F:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\ItemPage.xaml
F:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\Themes\Generic.xaml
F:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\App.xbf
F:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\DetailPage.xbf
F:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\HubPage.xbf
F:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\ItemPage.xbf
F:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\Themes\Generic.xbf
F:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
F:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\ThongTinDuLich.exe
F:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\ThongTinDuLich.pdb
F:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
F:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
F:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
F:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
F:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
F:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
F:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
F:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
F:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
F:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
F:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
F:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
D:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\bin\Debug\App.xbf
D:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\bin\Debug\DetailPage.xbf
D:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\bin\Debug\HubPage.xbf
D:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\bin\Debug\ItemPage.xbf
D:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\bin\Debug\Themes\Generic.xbf
D:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\bin\Debug\ThongTinDuLich.xr.xml
D:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\bin\Debug\ThongTinDuLich.exe
D:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\bin\Debug\ThongTinDuLich.pdb
D:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\bin\Debug\resources.pri
D:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
D:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
D:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\DetailPage.g.i.cs
D:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\DetailPage.g.cs
D:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\HubPage.g.i.cs
D:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\HubPage.g.cs
D:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\ItemPage.g.i.cs
D:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\ItemPage.g.cs
D:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\Themes\Generic.g.i.cs
D:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\Themes\Generic.g.cs
D:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
D:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\App.xaml
D:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\DetailPage.xaml
D:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\HubPage.xaml
D:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\ItemPage.xaml
D:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\Themes\Generic.xaml
D:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\App.xbf
D:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\DetailPage.xbf
D:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\HubPage.xbf
D:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\ItemPage.xbf
D:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\Themes\Generic.xbf
D:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
D:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\ThongTinDuLich.exe
D:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\ThongTinDuLich.pdb
D:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
D:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
D:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
D:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
D:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
D:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
D:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
D:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
D:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
D:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
D:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
D:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
D:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\bin\Debug\AppTourDuLich.build.appxrecipe
H:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\bin\Debug\App.xbf
H:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\bin\Debug\DetailPage.xbf
H:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\bin\Debug\HubPage.xbf
H:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\bin\Debug\ItemPage.xbf
H:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\bin\Debug\Themes\Generic.xbf
H:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\bin\Debug\ThongTinDuLich.xr.xml
H:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\bin\Debug\ThongTinDuLich.exe
H:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\bin\Debug\ThongTinDuLich.pdb
H:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\bin\Debug\resources.pri
H:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
H:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\bin\Debug\AppTourDuLich.build.appxrecipe
H:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
H:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
H:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\DetailPage.g.i.cs
H:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\DetailPage.g.cs
H:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\HubPage.g.i.cs
H:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\HubPage.g.cs
H:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\ItemPage.g.i.cs
H:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\ItemPage.g.cs
H:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\Themes\Generic.g.i.cs
H:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\Themes\Generic.g.cs
H:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
H:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\App.xaml
H:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\DetailPage.xaml
H:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\HubPage.xaml
H:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\ItemPage.xaml
H:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\Themes\Generic.xaml
H:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\App.xbf
H:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\DetailPage.xbf
H:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\HubPage.xbf
H:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\ItemPage.xbf
H:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\Themes\Generic.xbf
H:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
H:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\ThongTinDuLich.exe
H:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\ThongTinDuLich.pdb
H:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
H:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
H:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
H:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
H:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
H:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
H:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
H:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
H:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
H:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
H:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
H:\AppTourDuLich\AppTourDuLich\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
